short_d	description	origin
Securely store credentials and security-sensitive data	Any credentials shall be stored securely within services and on devices. Hard-coded credentials in device software are not acceptable.	DCMS nr 4  OWASP nr 7
Minimise exposed attack surfaces	All devices and services should operate on the principle of least privilege. unused ports should be closed, hardware should not unnecessarily expose access, services should not be available if they are not used and code should be minimised to the functionality necessary for the service to operate. Software should run with appropriate privileges, taking account of both security and functionality.	DCMS nr 6 OWASP nr 10
No default passwords	All IoT device passwords shall be unique and not resettable to any universal factory default value.	DCMS code nr 1 OWASP nr 1
Ensure software integrity	Software on IoT devices should be verified using secure boot mechanisms. If an unauthorised change is detected, the device should alert the consumer/administrator to an issue and should not connect to wider networks than those necessary to perform the alerting function.	DCMS code nr 7
Make systems resilient e.g. to outages or firmware update failures	Resilience should be built in to IoT devices and services where required by their usage or by other relying systems, 	DCMS code nr 9
Monitoring telemetry data	If telemetry data is collected from IoT devices and services, such as usage and measurement data, it should be monitored for security anomalies.	DCMS code nr 10 
validate input data	"	Data input via user interfaces and transferred via application programming interfaces (APIs) or between networks in services and devices shall be validated."	DCMS Code nr 13 
Firmware update mechanism	Lack of Secure Update Mechanism Lack of ability to securely update the device. This includes lack of firmware validation on device, lack of secure delivery (un-encrypted in transit), lack of anti-rollback mechanisms, and lack of notifications of security changes due to updates.	OWASP top 10 nr 4 DCMS nr 3
